
That morning the Princess rose earlier than she had done since
she had been carried into Africa by the magician, whose company
she was forced to endure once a day.  She, however, treated him
so harshly that he dared not live there altogether.  As she
was dressing, one of her women looked out and saw Aladdin.
The Princess ran and opened the window, and at the noise she made,
Aladdin looked up.  She called to him to come to her, and great
was the joy of these lovers at seeing each other again.  After he
had kissed her Aladdin said:  "I beg of you, Princess, in God's
name, before we speak of anything else, for your own sake and
mine, tell me what has become of an old lamp I left on the cornice
in the hall of four-and-twenty windows when I went a-hunting."
"Alas," she said, "I am the innocent cause of our sorrows," and
told him of the exchange of the lamp.  "Now I know," cried
Aladdin, "that we have to thank the African magician for this!
Where is the lamp?"  "He carries it about with him," said the
Princess.  "I know, for he pulled it out of his breast to show me.
He wishes me to break my faith with you and marry him, saying that
you were beheaded by my father's command.  He is forever speaking
ill of you, but I only reply by my tears.  If I persist, I doubt
not but he will use violence."  Aladdin comforted her, and left
her for a while.  He changed clothes with the first person he met
in the town, and having bought a certain powder returned to the
Princess, who let him in by a little side door.  "Put on your
most beautiful dress," he said to her, "and receive the magician
with smiles, leading him to believe that you have forgotten me.
Invite him to sup with you, and say you wish to taste the wine of
his country.  He will go for some, and while he is gone I will tell
you what to do."  She listened carefully to Aladdin and when he
left her, arrayed herself gaily for the first time since she left
China.  She put on a girdle and head-dress of diamonds and seeing
in a glass that she was more beautiful than ever, received the
magician, saying, to his great amazement:  "I have made up my mind
that Aladdin is dead, and that all my tears will not bring him
back to me, so I am resolved to mourn no more, and have therefore
invited you to sup with me; but I am tired of the wines of China,
and would fain taste those of Africa."  The magician flew to his
cellar, and the Princess put the powder Aladdin had given her in
her cup.  When he returned she asked him to drink her health in
the wine of Africa, handing him her cup in exchange for his, as a
sign she was reconciled to him.  Before drinking the magician made
her a speech in praise of her beauty, but the Princess cut him
short, saying:  "Let us drink first, and you shall say what you
will afterwards."  She set her cup to her lips and kept it there,
while the magician drained his to the dregs and fell back lifeless.
The Princess then opened the door to Aladdin, and flung her arms
around his neck; but Aladdin went to the dead magician, took the
lamp out of his vest, and bade the genie carry the palace and all
in it back to China.  This was done, and the Princess in her chamber
felt only two little shocks, and little thought she was home again.
 